Add PodMonitor custom resource (#6)
brancz/prometheus-example-app: README.md

A Docker image is available at: `quay.io/brancz/prometheus-example-app:v0.2.0`

## Deploying in a Kubernetes cluster

First, deploy one instance of this example application, which listens and exposes metrics on port 8080 using the following [Deployment manifest](manifests/deployment.yaml).

> Then, in order for Prometheus to be able to discover and scrape these metrics, in this repository we provide PodMonitor as an example, for that Prometheus Operator needs to be running the cluster. To do so, you can follow this guide: [quickstart][prometheus-operator-quickstart].

Reviewer: Nit: lets link to to the CRDs:

```suggestion
Then, in order for Prometheus to be able to discover and scrape these metrics, in this repository we provide [Pod Monitor][prometheus-operator-crd] custom resource as an example. For that, Prometheus Operator needs to be running in the cluster. To install it, follow this guide: [quickstart][prometheus-operator-quickstart].
```

A Docker image is available at: `quay.io/brancz/prometheus-example-app:v0.2.0`

## Deploying in a Kubernetes cluster

First, deploy one instance of this example application, which listens and exposes metrics on port 8080 using the following [Deployment](manifests/deployment.yaml) configuration.

> Then, in order for Prometheus to be able to scrape these metrics, you will need to deploy a Prometheus Operator. To do so, you can follow this guide: [quickstart][prometheus-operator-quickstart].

Reviewer: I like to avoid you in technical docs. So maybe something like:
```suggestion
Then, in order for Prometheus to be able to discover and scrape these metrics, in this repository we provide PodMonitor as an example, for that Prometheus Operator needs to be running the cluster. To do so, you can follow this guide: [quickstart][prometheus-operator-quickstart].
```

> You will also need to define how your application should be monitored. You can do that by creating either a `ServiceMonitor` or a `PodMonitor` Custom Resource. More information about these Custom Resources can be found [here][prometheus-operator-crd].

Reviewer: I would move the info on PodMonitor above and simplify this.

> For this application, the following [PodMonitor](manifests/deployment.yaml) describes how the metrics should be fetched.

Reviewer: Nit:
```suggestion
For this example application, [PodMonitor](manifests/deployment.yaml) manifest describes how the metrics can be discovered and scrapped by Promethus.
```

A Docker image is available at: `quay.io/brancz/prometheus-example-app:v0.2.0`

> A [Deployment](manifests/deployment.yaml) and a [PodMonitor](manifests/pod-monitor.yaml) configuration are also available.

Reviewer: Could we explain what PodMonitors are and link to some docs on them. Also mention you need prom-operator installed for this to work.

Reviewer: On second thought, lets just add a section like this and explain and link to deployment and then add the info about PodMonitor:
```
## Deploying in a Kubernetes cluster
```

Author: Following your advice, I detailed the deployment part. Would you mind having another look at it? @lilic
